Add data source for azurerm_api_management_api_version_set (#5470)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/api_management_api_version_set.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "API Management"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api_management_api_version_set"
description: |-
  Gets information about an API Version Set within an existing API Management Service.
---

# Data Source: azurerm_api_management_api_version_set

Uses this data source to access information about an API Version Set within an API Management Service.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_api_management_api_version_set" "example" {

>   resource_group_name = "acctestRG"

Reviewer: Could we use example names here
```suggestion
  resource_group_name = "example-resources"
```

>   api_management_name = "acctestApiManagement"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  api_management_name = "example-api-management"
```

  name                = "example-api-version-set"
}

output "api_management_api_version_set_id" {
  value = "${data.azurerm_api_management_api_version_set.example.id}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - (Required) The name of the API Version Set.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the parent API Management Service exists.

> * `api_management_name` - (Required) The name of the [API Management Service](api_management.html) in which the API Version Set should exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `api_management_name` - (Required) The name of the [API Management Service](api_management.html) in which the API Version exists.
```

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - The ID of the API Version Set.

* `description` - The description of API Version Set.

* `display_name` - The display name of this API Version Set.

> * `versioning_schema` - The value that determines where the API Version identifer will be located in a HTTP request. Possible values are `Header`, `Query` and `Segment`.

Reviewer: We don't need to state the possible values for data sources
```suggestion
* `versioning_schema` - The value that determines where the API Version identifier will be located in a HTTP request.
```
